Replace controller with control node (#352)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_modules_general_windows.rst

- ``Vagrantfile``: The Vagrant file that reads the inventory setup of ``inventory.yml`` and provisions the hosts that are required
- ``inventory.yml``: Contains the hosts that are required and other connection information such as IP addresses and forwarded ports
- ``main.yml``: Ansible playbook called by Vagrant to provision the domain control node and join the child hosts to the domain

By default, these files will create the following environment:

> - A single domain control node running on Windows Server 2016

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A single AD domain controller running on Windows Server 2016
```

> - Five child hosts for each major Windows Server version joined to that domain

Reviewer: @gotmax23 can you verify these particular changes in this file? They seem okay to me but wanted verification in case this 'single domain' isn't actually referring to a control node...

- ``SMB``: 299xx

Replace ``xx`` with the entry number in the inventory file where the domain

> control node started with ``00`` and is incremented from there. For example, in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
controller started with ``00`` and is incremented from there. For example, in
```
